docs/streaming/index.md, before:

# Streaming in ADK

!!! Experimental

    This is an experimental feature.

Streaming in ADK adds the low-latency bidirectional voice and video interaction
capability of [Gemini Live API](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/live) to
AI agents.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/LwHPYyw7u6U" title="Shopper's Concierge" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

With streaming mode, you can provide end users with the experience of natural,
human-like voice conversations, including the ability for the user to interrupt
the agent's responses with voice commands. Agents with streaming can process
text, audio, and video inputs, and they can provide text and audio output.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-console-line: **Quickstart (Streaming)**

    ---

    In this quickstart, you'll build a simple agent and use streaming in ADK to
    implement low-latency and bidirectional voice and video communication.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More information](../get-started/quickstart-streaming.md)

-   :material-console-line: **Shopper's Concierge demo**

    ---

    Learn how streaming in ADK can be used to build a personal shopping
    concierge that understands your personal style and offers tailored
    recommendations.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More information](https://youtu.be/LwHPYyw7u6U)

</div>


## Learn more

Learn more about [streaming tools](streaming-tools.md).

Commit message:

feat: add audio Streaming sample (#244)
* feat: add audio Streaming sample

add audio Streaming sample

* fix: added license headers

added license headers

docs/streaming/index.md, after:

# Streaming in ADK

!!! Experimental

    This is an experimental feature.

Streaming in ADK adds the low-latency bidirectional voice and video interaction
capability of [Gemini Live API](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/live) to
AI agents.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/LwHPYyw7u6U" title="Shopper's Concierge" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

With streaming mode, you can provide end users with the experience of natural,
human-like voice conversations, including the ability for the user to interrupt
the agent's responses with voice commands. Agents with streaming can process
text, audio, and video inputs, and they can provide text and audio output.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-console-line: **Quickstart (Streaming)**

    ---

    In this quickstart, you'll build a simple agent and use streaming in ADK to
    implement low-latency and bidirectional voice and video communication.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More information](../get-started/quickstart-streaming.md)

-   :material-console-line: **Streaming Tools**

    ---

    Streaming tools allows tools (functions) to stream intermediate results back to agents and agents can respond to those intermediate results. For example, we can use streaming tools to monitor the changes of the stock price and have the agent react to it. Another example is we can have the agent monitor the video stream, and when there is changes in video stream, the agent can report the changes.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More information](streaming-tools.md)

-   :material-console-line: **Custom Audio Streaming app sample**

    ---

    This article overviews the server and client code for a custom asynchronous web app built with ADK Streaming and FastAPI, enabling real-time, bidirectional audio and text communication.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More information](custom-streaming.md)

-   :material-console-line: **Shopper's Concierge demo**

    ---

    Learn how streaming in ADK can be used to build a personal shopping
    concierge that understands your personal style and offers tailored
    recommendations.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More information](https://youtu.be/LwHPYyw7u6U)

</div>
