docs/community.md, before:

# Community Resources

Welcome! This page highlights resources maintained by the Agent Development Kit
community.

!!! info

    Google and the ADK team do not provide support for the content linked in
    these external community resources.

## Translations

Community-provided translations of the ADK documentation.

*   **[adk.wiki - ADK Documentation (Chinese)](https://adk.wiki/)**

    > adk.wiki is the Chinese version of the Agent Development Kit
    > documentation, maintained by an individual. The documentation is
    > continuously updated and translated to provide a localized reading
    > experience for developers in China.

## Tutorials, Guides & Blog Posts

*Find community-written guides covering ADK features, use cases, and
integrations here.*

## Videos & Screencasts

*Discover video walkthroughs, talks, and demos showcasing ADK.*

## Contributing Your Resource

Have an ADK resource to share (tutorial, translation, tool, video, example)?

Refer to the steps in the [Contributing Guide](contributing-guide.md) for more
information on how to get involved!

Thank you for your contributions to Agent Development Kit! ❤️

Commit message:

docs: add ADK Masterclass video to community resources (#237)
Co-authored-by: Kristopher Overholt <koverholt@gmail.com>

docs/community.md, after:

# Community Resources

Welcome! This page highlights resources maintained by the Agent Development Kit
community.

!!! info

    Google and the ADK team do not provide support for the content linked in
    these external community resources.

## Translations

Community-provided translations of the ADK documentation.

*   **[adk.wiki - ADK Documentation (Chinese)](https://adk.wiki/)**

    > adk.wiki is the Chinese version of the Agent Development Kit
    > documentation, maintained by an individual. The documentation is
    > continuously updated and translated to provide a localized reading
    > experience for developers in China.

## Tutorials, Guides & Blog Posts

*Find community-written guides covering ADK features, use cases, and
integrations here.*

## Videos & Screencasts

*Discover video walkthroughs, talks, and demos showcasing ADK.*

*   **[Agent Development Kit (ADK) Masterclass: Build AI Agents & Automate Workflows (Beginner to Pro)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4VFL9nIaIA)**

    > A comprehensive crash course that takes you from beginner to expert in Google's Agent Development Kit. 
    > Covers 12 hands-on examples progressing from single agent setup to advanced multi-agent workflows.
    > Includes step-by-step code walkthroughs and downloadable source code for all examples.

## Contributing Your Resource

Have an ADK resource to share (tutorial, translation, tool, video, example)?

Refer to the steps in the [Contributing Guide](contributing-guide.md) for more
information on how to get involved!

Thank you for your contributions to Agent Development Kit! ❤️
