docs/index.md, before:

---
hide:
  - toc
---

<div style="text-align: center;">
  <div class="centered-logo-text-group">
    <img src="assets/agent-development-kit.png" alt="Agent Development Kit Logo" width="100">
    <h1>Agent Development Kit</h1>
  </div>
</div>

<p style="text-align:center; font-size: 1.2em;">
  <b>An open-source AI agent framework integrated with Gemini and Google</b><br/>
</p>

## What is Agent Development Kit?

Agent Development Kit (ADK) is a flexible and modular framework for **developing
and deploying AI agents**. ADK can be used with popular LLMs and open-source
generative AI tools and is designed with a focus on **tight integration with the
Google ecosystem and Gemini models**. ADK makes it **easy to get started with
simple agents** powered by Gemini models and Google AI tools while providing the
control and structure needed for **more complex agent architectures and
orchestration**.

<div class="install-command-container">
  <p style="text-align:center;">
    Get started:
    <br/>
    <code>pip install google-adk</code>
  </p>
</div>

<p style="text-align:center;">
  <a href="get-started/quickstart/" class="md-button" style="margin:3px">Quickstart</a>
  <a href="get-started/tutorial/" class="md-button" style="margin:3px">Tutorial</a>
  <a href="http://github.com/google/adk-samples" class="md-button" target="_blank" style="margin:3px">Sample Agents</a>
  <a href="api-reference/" class="md-button" style="margin:3px">API Reference</a>
  <a href="contributing-guide/" class="md-button" style="margin:3px">Contribute ❤️</a>
</p>

---

## Learn more

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-transit-connection-variant: **Flexible Orchestration**

    ---

    Define workflows using workflow agents (`Sequential`, `Parallel`, `Loop`)
    for predictable pipelines, or leverage LLM-driven dynamic routing
    (`LlmAgent` transfer) for adaptive behavior.

    [**Learn about agents**](agents/index.md)

-   :material-graph: **Multi-Agent Architecture**

    ---

    Build modular and scalable applications by composing multiple specialized
    agents in a hierarchy. Enable complex coordination and delegation.

    [**Explore multi-agent systems**](agents/multi-agents.md)

-   :material-toolbox-outline: **Rich Tool Ecosystem**

    ---

    Equip agents with diverse capabilities: use pre-built tools (Search, Code
    Exec), create custom functions, integrate 3rd-party libraries (LangChain,
    CrewAI), or even use other agents as tools.

    [**Browse tools**](tools/index.md)

-   :material-rocket-launch-outline: **Deployment Ready**

    ---

    Containerize and deploy your agents anywhere – run locally, scale with
    Vertex AI Agent Engine, or integrate into custom infrastructure using Cloud
    Run or Docker.

    [**Deploy agents**](deploy/index.md)

-   :material-clipboard-check-outline: **Built-in Evaluation**

    ---

    Systematically assess agent performance by evaluating both the final
    response quality and the step-by-step execution trajectory against
    predefined test cases.

    [**Evaluate agents**](evaluate/index.md)

-   :material-console-line: **Building Responsible Agents**

    ---

    Learn how to building powerful and trustworthy agents by implementing
    responsible AI patterns and best practices into your agent's design.

    [**Responsible agents**](guides/responsible-agents.md)

</div>

!!! Preview

    This feature is subject to the "Pre-GA Offerings Terms" in the General
    Service Terms section of the
    [Service Specific Terms](https://cloud.google.com/terms/service-terms#1).
    Pre-GA features are available "as is" and might have limited support. For
    more information, see the
    [launch stage descriptions](https://cloud.google.com/products#product-launch-stages).

<div class="footer"></div>

Commit message:

fix: Rename responsible agents guide into a safety and security page. (#151)
The title of the section of "responsible agent" isn't appropriate for the content: this is a page about safey and security.

docs/index.md, after:

---
hide:
  - toc
---

<div style="text-align: center;">
  <div class="centered-logo-text-group">
    <img src="assets/agent-development-kit.png" alt="Agent Development Kit Logo" width="100">
    <h1>Agent Development Kit</h1>
  </div>
</div>

<p style="text-align:center; font-size: 1.2em;">
  <b>An open-source AI agent framework integrated with Gemini and Google</b><br/>
</p>

## What is Agent Development Kit?

Agent Development Kit (ADK) is a flexible and modular framework for **developing
and deploying AI agents**. ADK can be used with popular LLMs and open-source
generative AI tools and is designed with a focus on **tight integration with the
Google ecosystem and Gemini models**. ADK makes it **easy to get started with
simple agents** powered by Gemini models and Google AI tools while providing the
control and structure needed for **more complex agent architectures and
orchestration**.

<div class="install-command-container">
  <p style="text-align:center;">
    Get started:
    <br/>
    <code>pip install google-adk</code>
  </p>
</div>

<p style="text-align:center;">
  <a href="get-started/quickstart/" class="md-button" style="margin:3px">Quickstart</a>
  <a href="get-started/tutorial/" class="md-button" style="margin:3px">Tutorial</a>
  <a href="http://github.com/google/adk-samples" class="md-button" target="_blank" style="margin:3px">Sample Agents</a>
  <a href="api-reference/" class="md-button" style="margin:3px">API Reference</a>
  <a href="contributing-guide/" class="md-button" style="margin:3px">Contribute ❤️</a>
</p>

---

## Learn more

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-transit-connection-variant: **Flexible Orchestration**

    ---

    Define workflows using workflow agents (`Sequential`, `Parallel`, `Loop`)
    for predictable pipelines, or leverage LLM-driven dynamic routing
    (`LlmAgent` transfer) for adaptive behavior.

    [**Learn about agents**](agents/index.md)

-   :material-graph: **Multi-Agent Architecture**

    ---

    Build modular and scalable applications by composing multiple specialized
    agents in a hierarchy. Enable complex coordination and delegation.

    [**Explore multi-agent systems**](agents/multi-agents.md)

-   :material-toolbox-outline: **Rich Tool Ecosystem**

    ---

    Equip agents with diverse capabilities: use pre-built tools (Search, Code
    Exec), create custom functions, integrate 3rd-party libraries (LangChain,
    CrewAI), or even use other agents as tools.

    [**Browse tools**](tools/index.md)

-   :material-rocket-launch-outline: **Deployment Ready**

    ---

    Containerize and deploy your agents anywhere – run locally, scale with
    Vertex AI Agent Engine, or integrate into custom infrastructure using Cloud
    Run or Docker.

    [**Deploy agents**](deploy/index.md)

-   :material-clipboard-check-outline: **Built-in Evaluation**

    ---

    Systematically assess agent performance by evaluating both the final
    response quality and the step-by-step execution trajectory against
    predefined test cases.

    [**Evaluate agents**](evaluate/index.md)

-   :material-console-line: **Building Safe and Secure Agents**

    ---

    Learn how to building powerful and trustworthy agents by implementing
    security and safety patterns and best practices into your agent's design.

    [**Safety and Security**](safety/index.md)

</div>

!!! Preview

    This feature is subject to the "Pre-GA Offerings Terms" in the General
    Service Terms section of the
    [Service Specific Terms](https://cloud.google.com/terms/service-terms#1).
    Pre-GA features are available "as is" and might have limited support. For
    more information, see the
    [launch stage descriptions](https://cloud.google.com/products#product-launch-stages).

<div class="footer"></div>
